update YANG model reference and cosmetic fix (#54)
aguoietf/ietf-ccamp-yang-otn-slicing: draft-ietf-ccamp-yang-otn-slicing.md

{: #tab-prefixes title="Prefixes and Corresponding YANG Modules"}

RFC Editor Note:
Please replace VVVV with the RFC number assigned to {{!I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slice-nbi-yang}}.

> Please replace WWWW with the RFC number assigned to {{!I-D.ietf-teas-rfc8776-update}}.

Reviewer: Actually RFC8776-bis is not used in this draft while the NS Topology model is used but not referenced int the table above

```suggestion
Please replace WWWW with the RFC number assigned to {{!I-D.ietf-teas-network-slice-topology-yang}}.
```

Also update the table above:

OLD

`
   | te-types | ietf-te-types                | \[RFCWWWW]        |
`

NEW

`
   | ns-topo | ietf-ns-topo                | \[RFCWWWW]        |
`
